HubSpot exists to help small businesses
grow better. We were an early adopter of
Claude and we knew that this was just a
fundamental change to the way we would
work and that it would [music] impact
how all of our customers at HubSpot
work.
>> [music]
>> What we saw pretty early on was Claude's
ability and immediately indeed superior
job compared to some [music] of the
other tools that we were developing or
trying.
>> Claude has a really good taste and
marketing's all about taste and the
first product pages that I was seeing
just felt uniquely [music]
on brand. I gave Claude a call
transcript, couple of knowledge based
articles and the [music] first output
was amazing. It was it generally felt
like it was my voice. I felt that I was
working with a a strategic partner.
>> We had a hospitality business that was
struggling with their revenue in terms
of where can we find cost savings?
[music]
Claude was able to take the reporting
from the historical standpoint and say,
"Here's where we see your best
performing weekends. Here are the
weekends that were not performing as
well." That is something so far beyond
my typical role as a CSM. My customers
are saying like, "This is the best
conversation I've ever had with
HubSpot."
>> The time it takes to maintain some of
the code base has been reduced
dramatically. My idea to prototype has
decreased massively. I feel like my job
hasn't been this [music] fun in a long
time. The biggest change has been the
ability of [music] developers to free up
some time for really value adding
feature development. Claude code has
helped me become a better engineer. I
feel like it has helped amplify my
expertise. We've seen a 40% increase in
productivity. You really feel it across
a team when you get that much leverage
in the work you're doing. We get to help
the businesses that shape the world and
shape the economy. HubSpot and Anthropic
have an amazing shared mission which we
[music] can give people access to tools
and information to build their
businesses
>> [music]
>> in a way that just wasn't before
possible.